chore(heureka): improves readme (#546)
cloudoperators/juno: apps/heureka/README.md

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Built with Juno](https://cloudoperators.github.io/juno/built-with-juno.svg)](https://github.com/cloudoperators/juno)

> This mircro frontend uses the Heureka POC API which aims to:

Reviewer: Sorry... I just have seen this right know... Would be good If we change this since we want to go away of seeing MFA
```suggestion
This standalone UI uses the Heureka POC API which aims to:
```

- Track the overall state of our technology landscape
- Establish a unified & complete Patch Management Process:

  - Maintain & track vulnerabilities and affected components
  - Document the remediation, classification, and impact of vulnerabilities
  - Document the changes corresponding with patching of vulnerabilities, as well as updating components

>   **Coming soon:**

Reviewer: What do you think about creating a separate "Coming Soon" section? The current layout looks a bit off to me. This is a good point to consider in the feature when you want to warn about things.

![Screenshot 2024-10-23 at 10 27 21](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/051d1a3b-7d9d-44ac-a543-2798343f043c)

- Configurable initial filters to automatically apply at app startup.
- Pagination for the Component Instances list in the service details panel.

For your more info Heureka is a Security Posture Management tool designed to manage security issues in a cloud operating system.

Its primary focus is remediation management of security issues such as vulnerabilities, security events, and policy violations while ensuring compliance and audit-ability. The BE code for Heureka including its used API here for frontend is availble in the following repo: https://github.com/cloudoperators/heureka

## Screenshots

IssueMatches list view:

> ![Issue Matches List](../assets/images/heureka_issues_matches_list.png)

Reviewer 2: <img width="1209" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0737537f-d0cb-480f-af3c-ace69e4c19a3">
Looks like screenshots are not rendered correctly could you double check?
